[Metrics-generator] Add section about exporting metrics (#2227)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/metrics-generator/_index.md

The more dimensions are enabled, the higher the cardinality of the generated metrics.

To learn more about this processor, read the [documentation]({{< relref "span_metrics/" >}}).

> ### Exporting metrics

Reviewer: What do you think about renaming this to "remote writing metrics"? Exporting makes it seem as if they are stored long-term in the metrics-generator.

I don't feel particularly strongly about this though.

Author: Done!

The metrics-generator runs a Prometheus Agent that periodically sends metrics to a `remote_write` endpoint.
The `remote_write` endpoint is configurable and can be any [Prometheus-compatible endpoint](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/configuration/#remote_write).
To learn more about the endpoint configuration, refer to the [Metrics-generator]({{< relref "../configuration/#metrics-generator" >}}) section of the Tempo Configuration documentation. 

> To support multi-tenancy, the metrics-generator forwards the `X-Scope-OrgID` header to the remote_write endpoint.

Reviewer: Small nit: we only do this when multitenancy is enabled
```suggestion
When multi-tenancy is enabled, the metrics-generator forwards the `X-Scope-OrgID` header of the original request to the remote_write endpoint.
```

The more dimensions are enabled, the higher the cardinality of the generated metrics.

To learn more about this processor, read the [documentation]({{< relref "span_metrics/" >}}).

> ### Exporting metrics

Reviewer 2: Can we mention the internal that we use to send is configurable also?

Reviewer 2: Sorry typo.  The `interval` is what I meant, like how often we write metrics.

Author: Done!

> The metrics-generator runs a Prometheus Agent that periodically sends metrics to a remote_write endpoint.
> The remote_write endpoint is configurable and can be any Prometheus-compatible endpoint.
> In order to support multi-tenancy, the metrics-generator forwards the `X-Scope-OrgID` header to the remote_write endpoint.

Reviewer 3: I added links to the configuration file and to the Prometheus read_write endpoint (which is linked in the Config file).

```suggestion
The metrics-generator runs a Prometheus Agent that periodically sends metrics to a `remote_write` endpoint.
The `remote_write` endpoint is configurable and can be any [Prometheus-compatible endpoint](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/configuration/#remote_write).
To learn more about the endpoint configuration, refer to the [Metrics-generator]({{< relref "../configuration/#metrics-generator" >}}) section of the Tempo Configuration documentation. 

To support multi-tenancy, the metrics-generator forwards the `X-Scope-OrgID` header to the remote_write endpoint.
```
